Document `starknet_artifacts.json` file (#454)
software-mansion/scarb: website/pages/docs/starknet/starknet-artifacts.mdx

Reviewer: This technically applies to the `Contract Target`, not to Scarb itself (conceptually, the contract target should be treated as an extension of Scarb. We want to achieve this implementation-wise in some time).

Can you please move this as a section (`##`) in contract target doc page?

# Starknet Artifacts

> As part of building Starknet contracts, Scarb generates a `<package_name>.starknet_artifacts.json` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of building Starknet contracts, contract target generates a `<package_name>.starknet_artifacts.json` file
```

containing a machine-readable data about built artifacts.

Version 1 of this file has a structure like this:

```json
{
  "version": 1,
  "contracts": [
    {

>       "id": "randomid1",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "id": "<opaque>",
```

maybe?

      "package_name": "mypackage",
      "contract_name": "Contract2",
      "artifacts": {
        "sierra": "mypackage_Contract2.sierra.json",
        "casm": null
      }
    },
    {
      "id": "randomid2",
      "package_name": "mypackage",
      "contract_name": "Contract1",
      "artifacts": {
        "sierra": "mypackage_Contract1.sierra.json",
        "casm": null
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

> - `package_name` is the name of the package defined in `Scarb.toml`

Reviewer: Please tell users that they should use `id` to refer to items in this list. It has the highest chance of being unique
